BACK THEN THEY COULD REPEAL. I WATCHED TODAY IN AWE AS
SENATOR AFTER SENATOR GOT UP TO SAY, I WILL ONLY ROTE FOR THE
WILL IN FRONT OF THIS AUGUST BODY IF YOU GUARANTEE AND ASSURE
ME, IT DOES NOT BECOME LAW. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THAT BEFORE?
>> I WAS JUST THINKING, CHRIS. CONGRESS HAS A 12% POSITIVE
RATING. I THINK WE'LL BE IN LOW SINGLE
DIGITS AFTER THIS ABOMINATION. WE HAVE THIS SITUATION AS YOU'VE
INDICATED, REPUBLICAN MEMBERS HAVE SAID, THIS IS A FRAUD, A
DISASTER. OH, YEAH, WE M MAY VOTE FOR IT
IT GOES TO CONFERENCE. THEN ON THE HOUSE SIDE, YOU'VE
HAVING ON THE HOUSE SIDE, RYAN SAYING, ACTUALLY, IT MAY GO TO
THE CONFERENCE COMMITTEE. THIS WOULD RAISE PREMIUMS.
THE CBO, CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE.
20% THIS YEAR, 20% ON TOP OF THAT, AND 20% ON TOP OF THAT.
IN OTHER WORDS, PREMIUMS WILL SOAR IN THIS COUNTRY.
16 MILLION PEOPLE WILL LOSE THEIR INSURANCE.
PLANNED PARENTHOOD WILL BE DEFUNDED.
IT MAY BE PATHETIC BUT THIS IS NOT A LAUGHING MATTER.
>> AND WHAT YOU'RE DESCRIBING IS ESSENTIALLY UNIFORMLY UNDERSTOOD
BY THE ACTUAL PARTICIPANT. WHAT THEY GOT UP THERE TO SAY
WAS, THIS IS A DISASTER. THIS IS UNWORKABLE POLICY.
PAUL RYAN BASICALLY SAYS HE DOESN'T OFFER THE ASSURANCE.
HE DOESN'T SAY UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES.
HE SAYS, IF YOU NEED US TO, WE WILL.
ARE THEY GOING TO ALLOW US TO BE CONNED IN DAYLIGHT?
>> WHAT I WOULD SAY IS STAY TUNED.
I'LL TELL WHAT YOU THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT.
THEY UNDERSTAND THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT IS FAR FROM PERFECT.
DEDUCTIBLES ARE TOO HIGH. CO-PAYMENTS ARE TOO HIGH,
PREMIUMS ARE TOO HIGH AND WE PAY THE HIGHEST PRICES IN THE WORLD
FOR PRESCRIPTION DRUGS AND THEY ARE SOARING EVERY SINGLE DAY.
WHAT VIRTUALLY ALL OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT IS FOR A
START FOR US TO IMPROVE THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT.
LOWER PREMIUMS, LOWER CO-PAYMENTS, LOWER PRESCRIPTION
DRUGS. I BELIEVE WE HAVE TO GO FURTHER
AND PASS A MEDICARE FOR ALL SINGLE PAYER PERHAPS WILL.
RIGHT NOW, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT TO US APPROVE THE
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. THERE HAS NOT BEEN ONE PUBLIC
HEARING. NOT ONE DOCTOR HAS BEEN ABLE TO
TESTIFY IN COMMITTEE ABOUT THE IMPACT OF THE LEGISLATION ON HIS
OR HER PATIENTS. NOT ONE HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATOR.
NOT ONE RECOMMENDIVE OF THE DIBBLE COMMUNITY.
WE HAVE EVERY MAJOR NATIONAL HEALTH CARE ORGANIZATION.
THE AMA, THE AMERICAN HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION, OPPOSED TO THIS
LEGISLATION. AND THESE GUYS ARE GOING FORWARD
WITH LEGISLATION THAT HAS 12% SUPPORT OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
>> AS THIS IS HAPPENING, IN THE BACK GROUND, WHAT HAPPENS IF
THEY PASS THIS? WHAT ARE THE NEXT STEPS?
STEVE DANES OFFERED AN AMENDMENT DEMOCRATS COULD VOTE FOR THAT
WOULD BE MEDICARE FOR ALL. NOW, ALLEY CORRECT YOU VOTED
PRESENT ON THAT AND IF SO YRGS? >> I'LL TELL YOU WHY.
WHAT I SAID WAS, THANK YOU FOR BEING A REPUBLICAN WHO
UNDERSTANDS THAT OUR DYSFUNCTIONAL HEALTH CARE SYSTEM
NEEDS FUNDAMENTAL CHANGE AND WE NEED TO JOIN THE REST OF THE
INDUSTRIALIZED WORLD IN GUARANTEEING HEALTH CARE.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, SENATOR, A VERY CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN.
THEN I SAID, SENATOR DANES, YOU GET FOUR OR FIVE OTHER
REPUBLICANS TO VOTE FOR THIS AND YOU VOTE FOR IT.
I THINK WE CAN PASS THIS THING. NEEDLESS TO SAY, SENATOR DANES,
THE GUY WHO OFFERED THE BILL DIDN'T VOTE FOR IT.
NO REPUBLICAN VOTED FOR IT. MY RESPONSE IS WE WILL OFFER A
MEDICARE FOR ALL SINGLE PAYER SYSTEM WHEN WE ARE READY.
AND THAT WILL BE SOONER RATHER THAN LATER.
NOT RESPOND -- NO INTENTION OF VOTING FOR THIS IN THE FIRST
PLACE. >> I'VE BEEN TALKING TO STAFF
AND TEXTING. AND THERE ARE OUTSTANDING
QUESTIONS FOR REAL PEOPLE WITH REAL PEOPLE'S LIVES ON THE LINE.
CAN THEY BE SO RECKLESS THAT THEY SIGN INTO LAW SOMETHING
THEY ALL AGREE IS BAD AND RECKLESS AND WILL ESSENTIALLY
BLOW UP INSURANCE MARKETS FOR MILLIONS OF PEOPLE?
IT SEEMS INCOINCOMPREHENSIBLE THEY'LL DO THAT.
BUT I'LL NOT SO SURE THEY WON'T DO THAT.
>> THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS NOW A RIGHT WING EXTREMIST PARTY
DOMINATED BY THE KOCH BROTHERS IDEOLOGY.
AND THEY DO NOT WANT TO SEE CUTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY OR MEDICARE.
THEY WANT TO ELIMINATE EVERY FEDERAL PROGRAM PASSED IN THE
LAST 80 YEARS DESIGNED TO PROTECT WORKING FAMILIES OR THE
ELDERLY OR THE SICK OR THE POOR. THIS IS BEGINNING OF THE AGENDA.
IF THEY ARE SUCCESSFUL, IN WHATEVER THIS THING TURNED OUT
TO BE, CUTTING MEDICAID, ET CETERA, MARK MY WORDS, MARK MY
WORDS. THEY'LL BE BACK TO PRIVATIZE
MEDICARE WITHIN A FEW MONTHS, AND THEN THEY'LL GO AFTER SOCIAL
SECURITY AND THE VETERAN ADMINISTRATION.
WHAT THEY HAVE BEHIND THEM ARE MILLIONS AND MILLIONS OF DOLLARS
FROM BILLIONAIRES WHO WANT TO DESTROY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT'S
EFFORT TO FREQUENT